Hello guys in the studio we will work on pause settings both setting the settings to a pause.
Father we call it this bit is the last page.
OK.
On the setting we will able to Jaydee settings like you can see we don't see the featured image here.
And this is not a good thing.
All almost thirty nine percent blogs show the featured image or the detail page this is basically the
page of The Post.
OK.
So we also want this widget image to appear on the detail page.
And we will need all the settings on both settings page.
OK.
So this is the settings.
It's time to change the setting.
First we have posted things but the first option we see here is show featured image by default.
And you can see it just turn off early on and it will surely feature image on the detail page.
That's what we want.
So let's be efficient
and see now we have featured image on this page.
Amazing.
So this is what we want.
This is the caption read this because you can always change it when you upload the picture.
OK.
All right.
So this is amazing.
The next setting we have is the post otter box.
This one this one right here.
OK if you've got it or not.
OK post author boss you can turn this off if you want.
So I'm going to turn it off save changes fresh see.
No it is gone.
OK.
All right.
Let me see what other things move want.
OK.
The next is next.
Preview articles you can see here we have previous article.
We don't have any other next articles.
We're not seeing any article.
We have a previous article we can go to bailing on it so you can if you don't want to see this.
You can turn this off but I recommend you to keep this on.
OK.
Next is would you mind setting anything pollution indicators so I'd recommend you to keep these two
settings as it is.
OK.
Don't bet them.
The next thing we have is about the matter.
You guys know what matter is morays basically this is right here Arthur.
I am groggery common views.
These are the metals.
So you can post later on of both.
Basically this whole box this whole area if you were to disable this whole box this whole board rule
just disable it.
OK.
So all of this will be gone but if I recommend you to keep this on and know you can then any feature
you one on or off will give you a stack of comments on or off.
You already know about these settings.
OK.
Next we have is sheer balls setting that you see here Facebook Twitter all these share icons.
You can send this off if you want.
OK.
But you can see we have all a lot of other options here but I'd recommend you to keep this off because
we will use an other plug in and we will.
That is very amazing.
A lot of other a lot of the blogs use that blogging.
Again that product is amazing.
And they're blogging tells us how many shares are on Facebook Twitter Google or all these.
OK.
And that is amazing.
So let's turn this feature off
it then both of these off if you want to have these on bottom and on the top then both of these on bottom
and are but we don't want any We are just give both of these of Cubans or pages of like I said I have
a whole view on this.
Share OK and we'll cover everything about this year.
So right now we're just in the setting of OK we don't need to do this on our own because we have just
disabled it.
OK.
And these will be gone
fish
like you can see emeralds are going OK.
The next thing we have is a little board settings post is basically the board that is in the same category.
Right now we have only one pause in the health category that's why we are not seeing any deleted post.
But when we have a lot that both literally has we will see that both between these content inside this
content and that will not look good.
We want the post to be sure on the bottom of this post.
OK.
So what can we do on the lady postering boss.
Leave this on.
OK Eric I want you to keep this on what we need in is disrelated postposition.
We don't want it to be in the Boston area because it does not look good in there.
Just give it blow the posterior and buckling area.
We will have deep water below this post.
OK.
So keep this below the posterior.
How much do you want three or four or five whatever number you want.
OK you can change it.
OK.
Next we have a number of or to show in full with you keep it for it.
It looks good.
OK.
All right.
Great job where you want to get the Post reports both in the same category or posting the same text
or both by the same author.
OK what kind of labels you are by same author or category or.
But I recommend you to give the same category for the person is on this health board.
Definitely want to see riposted letter to the health.
You don't want the world you don't want to see the technology on the health page.
OK.
So keep it in the related category.
Next thing we have is flight check also box flight deck Alt-A box is when you scroll down the bottom
you will see a box right here on this area that will see our little boys to get Edwin see see also.
And there be a box here and we'll see when you will be on the bottom.
OK.
Then you will be on the bottom then there will be a box.
That box is called the flight check box or get the flight check box and you can also join the queue
to type seemed dosimeter.
But like I said always keep safe.
That is OK.
Next thing we have is very common settings.
Keep it off.
OK.
We don't want to create any settings and Inkerman settings.
So we're done with the settings.
There are very few settings left.
OK.
And cover the dust of the settings in the next video OK.
We don't want to read all of the settings all of the important settings are almost convert to the our
team so the rest of this area will be covered in the next what saying he was watching this video.
I will see you in the next video.